W-19304496-update-cryptography-module-2.0-upgrade-guide-sis (#2981)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: cryptography/2.0/modules/ROOT/pages/cryptography-module-upgrade.adoc

If you prefer a FIPS-compliant environment, use the `bc-fips` and `bcpg-fips` libraries.

> Example of Mule Maven Plugin configuration for the Cryptography Module using Bouncy Castle JDK18on Dependencies Version 1.80:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example of Mule Maven Plugin configuration for Cryptography Module using Bouncy Castle JDK 18 on Dependencies Version 1.80:
```

> 

Reviewer: I just spotted there is another error on the page - in line 83, could you fix "JDK18on" to be "JDK 18 on"

Author: Sure! I'll fix the typo.
